add more detail around cross-zone load balancing and NLB security groups for PL setups (#6179)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/secure/postgres-privatelink.md

---
import SetUpPages from '/snippets/_available-tiers-privatelink.md';
import PrivateLinkTroubleshooting from '/snippets/_privatelink-troubleshooting.md';

> import PrivateLinkCrossZone from '/snippets/_privatelink-cross-zone-load-balancing.md';

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import PrivateLinkCrossZone from '/snippets/_privatelink-cross-region-load-balancing.md';
```

    - Target Group protocol: **TCP** 

- **Network Load Balancer (NLB)** &mdash; Requires creating a Listener that attaches to the newly created Target Group for port `5432`
    - **Scheme:** Internal
    - **IP address type:** IPv4
    - **Network mapping:** Choose the VPC that the VPC Endpoint Service and NLB are being deployed in, and choose subnets from at least two Availability Zones.

>     - **Security Groups:** The Network Load Balancer (NLB) associated with the VPC Endpoint Service must either not have an associated Security Group, or the Security Group must have a rule that allows requests from the appropriate dbt Cloud **private CIDR(s)**. Note that **this is different** than the static public IPs listed on the dbt Cloud [Access, Regions, & IP addresses](https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/cloud/about-cloud/access-regions-ip-addresses) page. The correct private CIDR(s) can be provided by dbt Support upon request. If necessary, temporarily adding an allow rule of `10.0.0.0/8` should allow connectivity until the rule can be refined to the smaller dbt provided CIDR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Security Groups:** The Network Load Balancer (NLB) associated with the VPC endpoint service must either not have an associated security group, or the security group must have a rule that allows requests from the appropriate dbt Cloud **private CIDR(s)**. Note that _this is different_ than the static public IPs listed on the dbt Cloud [Access, Regions, & IP addresses](https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/cloud/about-cloud/access-regions-ip-addresses) page. dbt Support can provide the correct private CIDR(s) upon request. If necessary, until you can refine the rule to the smaller CIDR provided by dbt, allow connectivity by temporarily adding an allow rule of `10.0.0.0/8`.
```

>     - **Listeners:** Create one Listener per Target Group that maps the appropriate incoming port to the corresponding Target Group ([details](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/latest/network/load-balancer-listeners.html)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Listeners:** Create one listener per target group that maps the appropriate incoming port to the corresponding target group ([details](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/latest/network/load-balancer-listeners.html)).
```
